# What is this game?

This is a virtual pet simulator for GNU Emacs.

You can play this virtual pet game inside an Emacs buffer in exactly
the same way as you would a normal virtual pet.

Your pet will get hungry, need cleaning-up-after, long for
attention--and you will form a bond with your special digital
creature! 

Version 1 has already been released.

Version 2 was released recently! It features almost all the behaviours
of a commercially-available virtual pet, except for sleeping, and
getting sick.

We plan to remedy this lack of features with the development and
release of Version 2.5 while we conduct this crowd funding!

Both versions, although distinct, feature over 38 different evolutions
of virtual pet! Here are a sample of the best-looking ones:

<(▼∀▼< )

Ψ( ;Φ‿Φ)_↑

-(▼皿▼｡ -)

# Why are you raising funds?

We want to make *uwu.el* Version 3! This is going to be a low-power,
fully-portable implementation of the game! This version of *uwu.el*
will not run on Emacs, but it will still be programmed in Lisp!

Thanks to the tireless efforts of the Lisp community, it is very easy
to program Arduino-based micro-controllers with Lisp. The Lisp
implentation that will serve as the foundation for Version 3 is
uLisp.

http://www.ulisp.com/show?3J

The hardware that will run *uwu.el* is the Adafruit PyBadge, a proven
and robust piece of kit. We estimate that we only need around AUD$500
in order to complete the research, debugging and manufacture of a
modest number of the Adafruit Pybadges, which will come pre-loaded
with *uwu.el* Version 3, for the user's convenience.

# ...but why Emacs?

GNU Emacs is more than just a powerful text editor. It also embodies a
philosophy about software engineering that we find highly
compelling. GNU Emacs, as well as *uwu.el*, are *free software*.

(freedom 0) -- The freedom to run the program as you wish, for any
               purpose.

(freedom 1) -- The freedom to study how the program works, and change
               it so it does your computing as you wish. Access to the
               source code is a precondition for this.

(freedom 2) -- The freedom to redistribute copies so you can help
               others.

(freedom 3) -- The freedom to distribute copies of your modified
               versions to others. By doing this you can give the
               whole community a chance to benefit from your
               changes. Access to the source code is a precondition
               for this.

This means *we will be releasing the source code for uwu.el to the
public*. This is a great advantage to *uwu.el* because it is easily
modded and extended.
